Hi Tim,
I feel that DSF is not for me. I don’t have the activity I’m used to on OpsTech site. 
I feel that I have zero potential for growth (although you was mentioning the promo path - 
that is unclear to me how am I getting promoted this way) due to the fact that is literally nothing 
to do, slow and boring pace. I always used to get overtime and now due to my schedule I’m getting 
to a situation where I am not even able to get over time (my latest paycheck was $696.23 which is
 super low and unusual for me, especially considering that I need to pay a mortgage for a House and my credentials. 
 It seems that while working in DSF all I do is helping other associates or engineers through chime or training 
 in person things that I don’t even know if getting noticed at all by management. 
 I feel that I’m wasting my time and it’s not working for me. 
 I have zero motivation to come to work and sit for 10 hours straight. I want to come to work to do work not to sit
  on a chair and do nothing. I want to work as much as possible and be busy and not just have a dull 40 hours shifts 
  and then sit at home for 3 days straight and getting low paycheck as a consequence. I don’t think this is suitable for me.


For example:

In PHX5 I created and fixed excel macros for leadership.
I created batch files to ease process of deployment of scanners.
In AZA4 under victor I helped with site launches on several new sites. And had the chance to create webapp and database for
HR - PHX6 Career Development center.
Helped created wiki with templates that were built from scratch for AOT Team. 
Helped Jason Ellis with CM’s while we worked together at PHX5. 
And a lot of work helping and supporting Operations, things that I don’t get here.

honestly I feel as if DSF has the perception of being a place where 'less productive/desirable' are sent 


  Hi Victor,

  I wanted to discuss some thoughts with you that I've been having since moving to DSF.  
  It seems as though this move has not put me on a good path.  In my time working in 
  DSF, I have experienced it to be very slow and boring.  There is very little to do at
  these DSF sites and it is extremely difficult to keep up productivity under these 
  circumstances.  The level of activity is not at all the same as it is under OpsTech.  
  There is no opportunity to participate in launches, take on special projects, working with/helping
  to support opeartions, etc.  Honestly, I feel as if DSF also has the perception of being a place where 
  'less productive' or desirable people are sent.  Everyone who has worked with me, including yourself, has
  known that I am a hard worker and have recieved many letters of recommendation based on that.  

  Additionally, the opportunities for overtime in DSF are very bad.  I always used to get overtime and 
  now due to my schedule I’m getting to a situation where I'm not able to get any overtime.  For example; my 
  latest paycheck was $696.23 (which is super low and unusual for me, especially considering
  my credentials and the fact that I have a mortgage to pay for).



  
  
Hi Tim,



I wanted to discuss some thoughts with you that I've been having since moving to DSF.
I want to feel like there is some actionable plan for advancement for me. 
It seems as though this move has not put me on a good path.  In my time working in 
DSF, I have experienced it to be very slow and boring.  There is very little to do at
these DSF sites and it is extremely difficult to keep up productivity under these 
circumstances.